

1. Make Map change the the color throughout the day.  

    Dawn        5-6AM
    Morning     6AM-11AM
    Lunch       11AM-1PM
    Afternoon   1PM-5PM
    Evening     5PM-8PM
    Dusk        8PM-10PM
    Night       10PM-5AM
    
2. Make a Button or / Memo to show what time it is in the corner or some part of the map HUD.

3.  Add ScatterShot Button.
    Description:  When you click on the map.  An area around the click will put 5-20 clicks on the map all at onces.
    DONE BUT HAS SOME SORT OF BUG THAT WONT GET RID OF THE DATAPOINT FROM THE HEATMAP WHEN THE TIMER GOES UP
    ....
    Fixed issue, but still not quite right.  I think there is some slowness on code i cannot fix (google) on the stack.
    the lag causes the heatmap to become slightly out of date.
    i have a current fix that makes the heatmap appear to stay up to date, but i have a feeling it is deleting additional data points.
    //ISUE COULD BE RESOLVED. on a single client, but may appear again if multiple people are playing.
4.  This goes with #3.  But have a counter that only allows click to go off so many times.  have it re charge over a minute/x amount of time.

5.  Make a button appear after 3 minutes that says "Refres Map" 
    make a blue fade gradient on the screen.
    refreshes the map where ever the user currently is looking at the map.
    
    need some more idea
    
6.  Ability to find purple areas
    need to be able to zoom out of the map a bit more.  But while zoomed out must disable clicking and adding to the
    heatmap.  Heatmap should be active only at the current zoom setting.
    
7.  Generate a random purple area.  DONE.

8.  Generate multiple purple areas....Changing this. Use same code that generates 1 purple area.  disaster area.  
    have multiple types, purple, blue, green, different colors will indicate better rewards achieved.

9.  Incomming Transmission.  While waiting for a new disaster to appears, flash blue/grey and read "Incomming Transmission".   If a circle is already on the map.  Stop from flashing
    and show "Find and Secure Area".  Have this Color Fade Purple to Yellow.  If area is found.  Circle coords are visible on screen.  Then update to "Secure Area"
    
10. To turn this into a game.  Make it so that there is point rewarded for disasters repaired.  Over time more disasters keep covering the world untill there is to many to fight and game over.

11. I need some new ideas to make the game more addicting.  What should the driving force be to play.  New weapons. How does the game progressivly get harder?  Tetrus style where it the workload gets to much?
    Or do you go with a points system?  Like snake. See how many points you can aquire before it fails.
    
12. Lvling Up a character.  Lvls go to lvl 99